---------- MODULE 3: Remote version control with Git & Github ----------

You will create a empty remote repository on Github and connect it to your local repository (using a personal access token).
You will apply changes locally and remotely and broadcast them to the different clones of your repository.
You will do that using the Git command-line interface (CLI); it means you will work from the terminal.

---------- Steps:
1. In the browser, go to your Github account and create your own private repository.
    Note: a repository naming convention is to use lower-case letters
          and dashes ('-') instead of spaces or underscores.
    Note: make your repository private. 
2. Generate a personal access token to securley connect to Github:
   On Github, got to Settings > Developer Settings > Personal access tokens > Tokens (classic).
   Click on 'Generate new token' (classic). Enter a short description and check the box for 'repo'. Click 'Generate token'.
   Save the token somewhere you can find it again.
    Note: instead of using a personal access token, you could also use a ssh-key (bit more tricky).
3. Connect the newly created repository on Github to your local repository.
   In the terminal, move into your repository from module 2.
   Type: 'git remote add origin https://personal-access-token@github.com/your-gihub-name/repo-name.git'
   Note: origin is the standard alias for the remote repository, but you could also name it oregano (or any other spice).
4. Now you can transfer the committed files to the remote repository using the 'git push' command.
   The full command is: 'git push -u remote-repository-alias local-branch-name'
   In this case you need to specify the name of the branch of the local repository
   you want to push from (the concept of branches will be treated later, don't worry for now).
   You can see the local branche names with 'git branch'.
5. In the browser, refresh the site of your repository.
6. In the browser, check the history of the repository (click on 'commits'; below the repository name, on the right side).
7. In the browser on Github, edit the file words.txt: Write 3 words starting with C and commit.
8. To sync your local repository with the remote version, type 'git pull' or 'git pull --all'
    Note: the pull command actually performes two actions: a fetch and a merge action.
          You could do the two steps separately by using first 'git fetch' and then 'git merge'.
          'git fetch' ONLY downloads the changes to your local repository; these changes have still to be merged with
          the current state of your local repository, this is achieved with the merge command (here, the working tree is updated as well).
          Try 'git status' in between the two steps.
9. In VSCode (or a text editor), add 3 words starting with D to the file words.txt and save.
    Also, add 3 words, you associate with the first animal in animals.txt and save.
10. Sync only the changes in the words.txt file in your remote repository: stage the file, commit, and push. 
11. In the browser on Github, check if it worked (you maybe need to refresh the site).
12. In the browser on Github, add 3 words you associate with the second animal to animals.txt, stage and commit.
13. In the terminal, pull the remote changes. Why is there an error?
14. To handle the situation, you need to decide which changes to keep: the ones from the local or remote repository.
15. Keep local changes:     - (remember, the file needs to be staged and commited - but you did that in step 12 already)
                            - pull
                            - type 'git checkout --ours animals.txt' into terminal
                            - stage file again
                            - commit
                            - pull
                            - push
    Keep remote changes:    - pull
                            - 'git checkout --theirs animals.txt'
                            - stage file again
                            - commit
                            - pull

16. Open the repository you cloned in module 1 and go to the file 001.txt in the folder /txt-files/.
    Add the answer to the question you find there and save.
17. Stage, commit, push. What happens?



---------- Helpful links:
Managing remote repositories: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories
About Git fetch: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/git-pull-remote-branch-how-to-fetch-remote-branches-in-git/
Some tips on resolving merge conflicts: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/161813/how-do-i-resolve-merge-conflicts-in-a-git-repository
Some troubleshooting for 'repository not found'-error: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37813568/git-remote-repository-not-found
Bonus: Use of ssh key instead of personal access token: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/about-ssh,
                                                        https://medium.com/@melvingrooms/using-ssh-to-clone-a-private-hit-repository-9fbe79a589cd